hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about
alice in borderland episode 7.
[Music]
so the episode picks up where the ten of
hearts game officially started
and everyone is confused as to what is
really going on
what we do know is that apparently the
short-haired girl who's always seen
together with the dead girl
well because they're such close friends
was surprisingly
absent during her demise this was then
questioned and it made the whole crowd
accuse the short-haired girl as the
witch
before mr nose ring convinces everyone
to burn her
thankfully there were still a few people
with actual
brain power that questioned that
incoherent logic
the fact is no one can prove their
whereabouts during the murder
it is here that we see mr nosering jumps
to take up
any opportunity to burn anyone
regardless of the validity of the
reasoning
since in my opinion he just wants to see
the world burn the beach truly became an
anarchy once the yakuza arrives and
promises to burn everyone
until the witch shows him or herself
it's obvious that i don't need to point
out the flaws
to this logic everyone scrambles as the
militiam begin to murder
everyone in sight honestly if irasu knew
what was happening
he'd probably be glad that he was tied
up right now
joking aside though usagi managed to
escape with the short hair girl
and they met up with mr baseball hat
they realized that they must find arizu
as their combined iq without him is
unlikely enough to beat this game
meanwhile we see that the militians are
throwing all the bodies into the fire
as the yakuza stares deeply into the
flames
many of the militians are actually
reluctant
to follow through with such horrific
actions but we see that peer pressure
and a twisted leadership can truly make
everyday people
do unimaginable things we skip to karina
and mr assassin's creed
and see that they're hiding in the
surveillance room
i guess they also play a lot of among us
since it was a good place to be
not knowing who the imposter is
eventually
kawina noticed that miss long legs was
snooping around and decided
to check it out meanwhile usagi's group
eventually found out the rough location
of where arasu is
by literally beating it out of one of
the militians but
their time grows shorter as the creepy
swordsman begins
burning the entire place down miss blue
bikinis finds the snooping girl and
questions whether if she
is the witch however she responds by
saying that a witch
would either be hiding or having too
much fun killing others right now
i have to say i can't disagree with her
logic
anyways she convinces karina to help as
she is trying to
find a real witch by examining the
evidence
most likely fingerprints on the knife
the girl was killed with
apparently she used to be a forensic
scientist
which explains why she was found
dissecting bodies
in the previous episodes their mission
came to a hurdle
when they are faced with the creepy
swordsman kawina decided to stay behind
while anne continues with her mission
they have an epic battle
where it seems like the swordsman is
gaining an upper hand
i mean that's sort of expected as you
have an unarmed woman
going up against a crazy dude with a
samurai blade
personally i would have grabbed anything
by now to use as a weapon
but i guess karina is more comfortable
empty-handed
as they continue to exchange blows uh
i mean hit each other a flashback of
this karate guy appears
apparently he was the son of a karate
master
but because of his sexuality he was beat
up
yelled at and eventually disowned by his
own father
this is such a sad story as had a hard
time trying to not cry while watching
even when he left the dojo and his
father practically ignores him
he still bowed to his old man with
respect before leaving
eventually he met up with his sick
mother and she accepted her son
like she always did with open arms
we are then also introduced to the
backstory of the creepy swordsman
who was a fearful person that stayed
indoor
while writing about others adventures
therefore he undergoes dramatic changes
at the present tokyo and became the very
opposite
of who he was koina noted as their
fighting that both of them are similar
since both of them hated their previous
lives however the difference is that
kowina chooses to accept its existence
while the other guy ignores it with this
in mind
she comes to a resolve and knocks the
creepy swordsman out
with a final blow i have to say that she
might have just become
my favorite character on the other side
we see that mr nose ring is shooting
everyone with a sniper on the rooftop
a flashback also shows why he is the way
he is right now
man there are a lot of flashbacks in
this episode
anyways apparently he was bullied in
school
and i guess that's why he prefers to
bully others now
that he has the chance as he's shooting
everyone the blondie appears
and they apparently have a score to
settle since they never liked each other
in the first place
mr nose ring managed to fire a shot at
close range
but missed because the blondie
surprisingly threw his playing cards
right in the air
he then whips out a homemade
flamethrower
and burns the dude while he stumbles and
falls off the building
damn that was pretty hardcore going back
to usagi and her group
they finally managed to find arasu after
finishing off some militians on the way
because the door to our protagonist's
room is locked
the sporty girl literally jumped from
window to window
while being chased off by guns it is
this time that arizu has a flashback
with shota and karube i have to say that
i personally miss them very much
and wish that they can somehow come back
to the show again
and remember us promise eric
their memory motivates arizu to live on
and he manages to hold out
until the rescue arrives they try to
decipher the purpose of the game and
what the game master truly wants
irisu suggests that both the death of
the hatter
and the death of the dead girl are no
coincidences
since they happened almost immediately
the game master must have set up the
game
as a result of the death of hatter since
hard games want people to kill each
other
they must have known that the yakuza
would try to kill everyone
after the death of hatter but the
question is why
on the other side the forensic lady
seems to have figured out something
which hints at who the real witch is
she does this by getting the
fingerprints out of the knife
what i'm wondering is how can the
fingerprint tell her anything
if she doesn't have any ways to verify
their ownership
unless of course verification is
rendered unnecessary
by the position of the prince at the
same time
with knowledge of the previous heart
games irisu seems to have figured out
who the real witch is
as well finally a last flashback
appears from the yakuza here we see that
he
and the hatter used to be best and old
friends
and by looking at the yakuza as he
stares into the flames
i can't help but think that he should
feel a lot of sadness
for his friend's death and yet he
appeared to be emotionless
and uncaring it's almost like he's a
different person
than in the flashbacks or maybe that's
just how he appears to be
in front of everyone else we'll find out
what is really happening
in the next episode and the season
finale of alice in borderland
so what did you guys think about this
episode please let me know in the
comments below
and if you like my videos please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
you